How curious It seems that the day has
dawned and I wanted to start with this one
more by watching the clip because I really do
n't know I don't know if you knew what
the lawsuit was about right to honor
amor romeira has beaten dara a
lawsuit for right to honor that
surprises me that they brought it out being already in
survivors eh this topic has
surprised me because it is
not usually the usual because it can
play a little no no it is not usually it is not usually done I do
n't know really it is what happens
with the headlines of the lawsuits and such
and the trials the press plays a lot
and sometimes it seems that
when someone loses a trial they have
committed a crime and it is not always like that
avoid being
convicted convicted for and maybe he
had to Commit a crime No you
can be convicted to things a young woman
commits a crime or you can be convicted
Imagine that here they had convicted
amor
for some ugly word that she has said to him I
don't know what the reason is you
know what the reason for the lawsuit is I have
seen the clip but I have not managed to see it
to find out well basically It is not that we do
not have everything we do not see it now we
see it  now these lawsuits are because
you say one because you make a
false accusation because you say something
despicable about that person and that is a
lie or for insults okay for insult it
can be in fact I both lawsuits
the two trials that I have had have been
for this no
If love would have convicted her it is not
a crime either it is a civil matter then
Many times Of course yes Hey, if at
a specific moment love got heated and
said I don't know what to dara and now they
condemn her and she has to pay one thousand two
thousand three thousand euros whatever it is, well that's
it, nothing happens and it does not affect her
contest no no no no in this case no I
want to see the clip In addition, let's see it,
in addition, she does not lose it because she does not lose
dara because love sues her to give a
lawsuit against love and they dismiss it of course and
that means that we are the ones in
charge of that no Of course Of course
because if not maybe the news It's that the
lawsuit what happens many
times is that the news is given of
the news is given when you put it but
many times the results As happens
with our friends that we are going to talk about
today too  the results Then there are
times when it is given and others when it is not eh No, of
course, of course when it is favorable Tell me if it is
heard
no, it is not heard I knew it is usual for
me I remove it and put it back in
detailing that there is no interference with
any honor nor have we done any I
asked for 15,000 euros for slander let's see
This is within the minimum I say this
because unfortunately I have had to deal
with things related to
extra demands for the right to honor and more or
less I know something 15,000 euros is
below the minimum the sentence in Costa is
the minimum which I think is around 6000
Maybe then to give in these
moments the situation that has is what
had been spent on putting it that it
can cost you between let's see if they are lawyers
more or less well by
bar association and so on Maybe between 4,000
and 10,000
euros it could have cost to put it quietly and or maybe as it is something weaker maybe less but come on six seven thousand euros there is no one to take it away from him and in  cochas Well
if they have convicted her she will have to pay
five or six thousand euros love in Costa
okay if she appeals if she appeals then
things will go up by at least three thousand
bucks more if she appeals and loses again
in the provincial court the costs will
go to about three or four thousand
more unemployed well for love not for
Well love because love has advanced it
clear for love for Love the problem is
that if she appeals to love she also has to
spend money now on the
clear of course because love will have had to
spend money now on defending herself and
then she has to spend money on the
appeal again
let's see if she says what it is because of
course I don't know normally it can change or
rather unless it's something very clear
very clear
But it may be that in the first
instance there is one result and then in
the second there is another or maybe it may be
that in the first and second instance there is a
result and then you go to the supreme court and it
changes completely what has happened for
example the case of Irene Montero with
three journalists that I think I don't know if
they are journalists judges who wrote
like a poem to Irene Montero they
wrote like a poem and Irene
Montero asked for 70,000 euros from the three
journalists who wrote the column
then a beautiful poem No yes
your boyfriend's fly you are known for
this for that anyway Oh I remember I remember I
remember in the first instance
Irene Montero wins it and the
three judges are sentenced to 70,000 euros and in the
appeal in the second Irene Montero loses it
Irene Montero has to pay
the costs to the others that things can change
to another depending on what
the case is the truth is missing love Let's see
what we are talking about
formulated by Doña Dara Molinero
and Marta Peñate the contestant to sue
love and Marta
we have to go back to January 31,
2021 in the center of Madrid there
were a lot of people I
mean it happens on Instagram
against our colleague love for telling
what happened
okay when you are telling that
here what they are telling at least
Marta in that click that we have seen I don't know
if now she will bite something she is talking about
an assault of course So when you
talk about that someone has  stuck if you don't
have proof they can sue you
obviously clear or you Imagine
that you and I meet and suddenly
I appear here the next day I say
that more stuck Hey he attacked me
how about it
depends on what can be proven or the
context or the seriousness of my words it is
possible it can be sent I think that
now he could appeal it eh and he is going to
appeal it I think eh
benefits of telling her private life the
justice has issued a sentence
the plaintiff is sentenced to pay the procedural costs she
already has the right to appeal but I
want to make it clear from here that
justice is for serious things and important things
all the trials and the courts how would you
see it Because if you have
fought in the street I am
both public figures let's see if it's
true that you have fought it is very wrong of her to
use justice for
this if it is true that if she knows that you have
really fought for example
you are fighting that's it What kind of
characters are we talking about if it is that with
me and these people I mean look how I get along
well eh with her with love with such with
but it is  that let's see it's always the same
with these things with one the other the
other for God's sake really Let's
see it's a lie If you can
sue but of course I do
n't know that I have played it I see them
for something else like they say love
bigger or rather if you are still if you go to
Big Brother
You go to reality in reality there are also
fights and things of course here the reason for the
here the reason here the reason for
the lawsuit is that many many people
see it as an easy economic way and at the
slightest thing it is they advise a little and see
where they can get some cuts man and you know do
n't believe it eh Because look well it costs
a lot of money to send or rather a lawsuit
is or rather when a person for a
lawsuit another is that they have become stubborn
in something and then they are given the reason or
rather because Adara I believe that Adara or rather
has won reality shows well she has already
programmed it she must have it yes Well
but well I don't know to what extent
Then she has bought things also a
child that she carries I mean I don't know to what
extent then people then spend that
money that is not eternal but more what
you took away  for you to need
15 name I don't know to what extent I don't know
to what extent we go, I think this
stubbornness that they have to
apologize and that they deny that this happened, I
mean, I
can already treat it as information and then it
splashed me collaterally
because she understood that I shouldn't have
told in the typical
news that I did on Instagram
because what had happened between Marta
Peñate and I, I am free of
expression to talk about an event that
happens in public places.
I am calm and happy because
exactly I have not done anything that
attacks the honor, I would never do it because I have never
done it of anyone or her and
I hope that she continues doing her
contest that it goes well but
when it comes out because she takes it if she wants to
appeal, if not that she attacks the first court sentence,
how much time can she
survive, a month and a half more or less,
could it perfectly be over within the deadline
to appeal? Well in that case I suppose they would
notify her That's where those
things are done when there is a process like this I mean I suppose I suppose of
course it is 20 business days you
reach the final it can pass or it
seems that I too  I think he'll have the
lawyer warned like it's what you
see or if he appeals or not because we're
going to end everything. Hey, there are
a lot of people becoming members Susana
member Thank you Susana Carmen Campos
member for 17 months Thank you very much
Carmen They are members renewing not new
Juan Antonio member renewing for
16 months Thank you Juan Fernando I'm here
for you ok Javi I'm attentive
a kiss family
next topic Marina is waiting members
for 15 months renewing Beatriz
member for 14 months
so often all of a sudden because she has
a little button she has a little
button I mean you renew every month
they are paying the Gamer members and she
has a little button to make the
notification pop up So if I wind it up they
won't let us talk Ah okay okay I
see
when new ones come they are
welcomed When okay okay okay okay
okay
[Music]